Improve README (#71)
spastorino/dynosaur: README.md

[![Latest Version]][crates.io] [![Documentation]][docs.rs] [![GHA Status]][GitHub Actions] ![License]

> Currently Rust does not support dynamic dispatch on traits that use `async fn` or methods returning `impl Trait`. Dynosaur is a proc macro that allows dynamic dispatch on these traits but requires at least Rust 1.75.
> This removes the need for the use of the `async_trait` proc macro, giving users the performance benefits of static dispatch without giving up the flexibility of dynamic dispatch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently Rust does not support dynamic dispatch on traits that use `async fn` or methods returning `impl Trait`. Dynosaur is a proc macro that allows dynamic dispatch on these traits but uses static dispatch otherwise. It requires at least Rust 1.75.

This removes the need for the use of the `async_trait` proc macro, giving users the performance benefits of static dispatch without giving up the flexibility of dynamic dispatch.
```

    }
}

let v = [1, 2, 3];
dyn_dispatch(&mut DynNext::boxed(my_next_iter).await;
dyn_dispatch(DynNext::from_mut(&mut my_next_iter)).await;
```

Where `my_next_iter` is a value of a type that you would create that implements `Next`. For example:

```rust,ignore

> struct AsyncIter<T: Copy, const N: usize> {

Reviewer: The const on this is just distracting, consider using a vec instead. Also, the struct has a different name from the impl block below.

If we're going to flesh this example out I say let's go ahead and make it a complete one that compiles.

        Some(item)
    }
}
```

The general rule is that anywhere you would write `dyn Trait`(which would
result in a compiler error), you instead write `DynTrait`.

Methods returning `impl Trait` box their return types when dispatched
dynamically, but not when dispatched statically.

For more examples, take a look at [`dynosaur/examples`](dynosaur/examples) and [`dynosaur/tests/pass`](dynosaur/tests/pass). In tests you would find `.rs` files with what the user would write and `.stdout` files with what dynosaur generates.

## APIT Support

Dynosaur supports dyn traits in argument position. In order to use them, the user needs an `impl<T: MyTrait> MyTrait for Box<T> {}` to be able to use impl MyTrait in argument position.

TODO: In a future version, `dynosaur` will provide this impl for any trait with the `#[dynosaur]` attribute on the trait definition.

## What will it take to implement this support in Rust?

There are many design questions to be answered before building this support into the language. You can find more background here: <https://smallcultfollowing.com/babysteps/blog/2025/03/25/dyn-you-have-idea-for-dyn/>.

## How does this crate solve this issue?

> Given a trait `MyTrait`, this create generates a struct called `DynMyTrait` that contains a dynamic ptr and implements `MyTrait` by delegating to the actual impls on the concrete type that the ptr points to and wrapping the result in a box. Basically, `DynMyTrait` behaves like a VTable. For more details on what is exactly generated you may want to check `.stdout` files in [`dynosaur/tests/pass`](dynosaur/tests/pass).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Given a trait `MyTrait`, this crate generates a struct called `DynMyTrait` that implements `MyTrait` by delegating to the actual impls on the concrete type and wrapping the result in a box. For more details on what is exactly generated you may want to check `.stdout` files in [`dynosaur/tests/pass`](dynosaur/tests/pass).
```

    }
}

let v = [1, 2, 3];
dyn_dispatch(&mut DynNext::boxed(my_next_iter).await;
dyn_dispatch(DynNext::from_mut(&mut my_next_iter)).await;
```

Where `my_next_iter` is a value of a type that you would create that implements `Next`. For example:

```rust,ignore
struct MyNextIter<T: Copy> {
    v: Vec<T>,
    i: usize,
}

impl<T: Copy> Next for MyNextIter<T> {
    type Item = T;

    async fn next(&mut self) -> Option<Self::Item> {
        if self.i >= self.v.len() {
            return None;
        }
        do_some_async_work().await;
        let item = self.v[self.i];
        self.i += 1;
        Some(item)
    }
}

async fn do_some_async_work() {
     // do something :)
}
```

> The general rule is that anywhere you would write `dyn Trait`(which would

Reviewer: undo
